## Day 1

- Security Training topics [Passwords, mobile devices/BYOD, sharing information, securing your work area, encryption methods, cloud storage, software downloads, social media, social engineering, phishing, malware, security incidents} Himsahi to check if ISO could be accepted? Himshai to check if ISO can be accepted to cover this

- Anti malware solutions. Jacques to screen shots from centralised log in OR screen share of day 2.

- Jacques to share screen from Patching shot server

- CP18008 - Acceptable Encryption. Himshai confirmed no further questions. Jacques will supply a pdf of amex data at rest. under L09:2. Screenshot for Amex data repository applied with encryption.

- Type of system where Amex data -Encryption Algorithm -General type of encryption solution - Configuration Screen showing lower-level protocols(weak encryption algorithms been eliminated) have been disabled Network diagram/Data flow diagram showing point to point communication (Encrypted data in transit containing Amex data Jacques to provide diagram. the name of the hosting system, and describe briefly the process flow of the information at risk - Eg. TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384.

- P33 incident management - Himshai provide if OK or further evidence required. The Two most recent Vulnerability Scan of remote workstations. Leigh to provide Pentest report - Screen shot of remidiation. L15:1 - Himshai parking. 616 - Log retention period for Centerally and locally. Screenshot of the Logs Attributes.

## Day 2

- [ ] Network diagram
- [ ] Logical access reviews: evidence of periodic completion

- [x] L15 - send P40 and P23 policies. Shared via call, Azra to send through P docs.
- [x] System records of new user provision. JIRA screenshots, shared on call.
- [x] L20 - SLDC - [CP18029 - Secure Coding Baseline]
